Aj Nobs
03/22/2021
CS 4760 - Assignment 4 - Process Scheduling
/classes/OS/nobs/nobs/nobs.4
hoare.cs.umsl.edu / 134.124.30.128
Project Files: oss.c oss.h user.c user.h utility.c utility.h Makefile README VersionControl


1.  Create your Makefile and bare executables for oss and the child process.
	Makefile:	COMPLETE

2.  Set up a system clock in shared memory and create a single user process, testing your synchronization method to pass information and control between them.
	System Clock:			COMPLETE
	Single User Process:	COMPLETE
	Synchronization:		COMPLETE


3.  Have oss simulate the scheduling of one user process over and over, logging the data but have no blocked queue
	Schedule 1 Process Repeatedly:	COMPLETE
	Data Logging:					COMPLETE

4.  Now add the chance for your single child process to sometimes block and have oss wait until it is ready again to reschedule
	Single Child Process Sometimes Blocks:	INCOMPLETE
	OSS Wait and Reschedule:				COMPLETE

5.  Create your round robin ready queue, add additional user processes, making all user processes alternate in it
	Round Robin Ready Queue:		COMPLETE
	Add Additional User Processes:	COMPLETE
	All User Processes Alternate:	INCOMPLETE

6.  Add the distinction between i/o bound and cpu bound processes
	Distinction Between I/O and CPU Processes:	COMPLETE

7.  Add the chance for user processes to be blocked on an event, keep track of statistics on this.
	Add Chance for User Processes Blocking on Event:	INCOMPLETE
	Track Related Statistics:							COMPLETE

8.  Keep track of and output statistics like throughput, wait time, etc
	Track Output Statistics:	COMPLETE


Functionality:
Shared Memory and messaging functional.
Child process can act as CPU and I/O.
Logging is working.
Basic round robin.
Multiple forks.
Random values for incrementation.
Error handling.


Known Issues:
No event blocking.
No rescheduling.


INVOCATION:
oss [-h] [-s t] [-l f]
-h    Describe how the project should be run and then, terminate.
-s t  Indicate how many maximum seconds before the system terminates
-l f  Specify a particular name for the log file
